on Thursday Joe Biden was mildly
critical of the Israeli destruction of
Gaza the
conduct of the
response in Gaza in the Gaza Strip has
been
um over the top on Sunday the Israeli
Prime Minister appeared on two US
networks to assure those watching that
it has been worth it and that an assault
on Rafa in southern Gaza would be next
Victory is Within Reach we're going to
do it we're going to get the remaining
Hamas terrorist battalions in Rafa which
is the last Bastion but we're going to
do it and in this I agree with the
Americans uh we're going to do it while
providing safe passage for the uh
civilian population so they can leave
those plans are among the topics
discussed in a call between Joe Biden
and Netanyahu on Sunday the White House
saying that Biden reaffirmed his view
that a military operation in Rafa should
not proceed without a credible and
executable plan for ensuring the safety
and support for the more than 1 million
people Sheltering there Netanyahu said
that's exactly what the Israeli military
is drawing up we're working out a
detailed plan to do so and that's what
we've done up to now we're not uh uh
we're not Cavalier about this this is
part of our war effort to get civilians
out of Harm's Way it's part of hamas's
effort to keep them In Harm's Way but
we've so far succeeded and we're going
to succeed again those who say that
under no circumstances should we enter
Rafa are basically saying lose the war
well also on Sunday yet another story in
the US media quoting Anonymous White
House officials about how frustrated Joe
Biden has become with Benjamin Netanyahu
and how some of his advisers are
suggesting the president become more
publicly critical of Israel to help
soothe elements of the democratic party
base however the report says the
administration is rejecting calls to
impose any conditions on military aid to
Israel so even after 50% of
self-described Biden voters told one
poll that in their view the Israeli
operation in Gaza is a genocide Biden's
Administration remains a steadfast
backer of the bombardment shabans AL
jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer